Summary:
Overall, the prototype performed well, and most features were easy for the users to understand and 
use. When asked if they agreed that the prototype is easy to use/understand, most users agreed
with some strongly agreeing. The other users were neutral, and no users disagreed. On average, the 
app received a rating of 4/5. This is good and proves that the prototype performed well but needs 
some improvements to be made.
Users enjoyed having information on different conditions being displayed and in most cases the user 
learned something new. Half of the users who participated in the questionnaire and gave feedback 
said that this was their favourite feature. Users also enjoyed the account settings and how easy it 
was to edit and delete the account using this feature.
One feature that users believe should be improved is the weather forecasting. This feature had the 
most feedback for needing improvement and had comments about how the data it provides is not 
presented in a way that is easy for people to read. Another feature with comments for improvement 
was the interface. Many comments suggested using a different colour scheme and multiple forms so 
that the prototype could become less cluttered and more appealing to its audience.
Improvements that have been suggested for the future are a different colour scheme, multiple 
forms, an option for bigger text, more information/pictures and data from the weather forecasting 
feature and the dashboard should be presented in a way that is easier to read.
Changes required:
Issue Solution
The temperature converter only converts one way. The temperature converter could convert temperature from 
Fahrenheit to Celsius and from Celsius to Fahrenheit.
The weather forecasting feature provides data that is 
formatted in a way that is not easy to understand or 
read.
Specific data could be pulled from the API and displayed in 
separate message boxes/textboxes when the button is clicked.
The dashboard feature provides data in a way that is not 
easy to understand or read.
Specific data could be pulled from the API and displayed in 
separate message boxes/textboxes when the button is clicked.
The icon doesn’t fully fit the prototype. The icon fits with the health aspect of the app but should have 
something weather related to link with the weather aspect of 
the app.
The features in the full design of the prototype are 
squashed together.
Simplify the user interface by separating the features into 
different forms and try to use less words.
Writing is difficult to read. Add accessibility settings to the account settings that allows for 
the size of the text to be made bigger.
The design is boring to look at. Plan out and use a different colour scheme that is more eye 
catching for the user.
